---
layout: post
title:  "001. Derelict Duty"
date:   2021-12-03 22:28:01 +1100
categories: starforged mongoose
tags: [session]
session: 1
gamedate: F202.342
region: Outlands
sector: Dephi Void
systems: [Lagrange]
---

Convention - Session number - Stardate - actual date

Stardate - F.{Forge year}.{day 1-400}

## Session 1 - F202.342 - 2021-12-03

- [[Mongoose]] trying to follow star patterns in a vision, has come to the [[Delphi Void]]
- She tried to unload some salvage at Lastport, but there was a bit of heat with a change of leadership in the sector, so she's ended up at Lagrange, and met with [[Wayfinder]] - who gave her a good price for the salvage, on the proviso that Mongoose would do Wayfinder a favour - she needs someone to board a [[Savarin Clan]] Derelict, and recover the Pre-Exodus Computer Core.
- Wayfinder doesn't have an office as such, the meeting occurs in the cafeteria on this repurposed massive ore transport - this huge ore bin partitioned into an alley of shops and neon.
- She's friendly - especially towards grubs. Especially the unaffiliated Mongoose.
- coordinates given - `find the computer core - it will be in main engineering.`
- Mongoose is a bit too quick to accept - a Clan Derelict, and all Wayfinder is after is one computer core? This is the score of a lifetime! She greedily keeps quiet
- [Test your relationship : Miss - (rookie mistake - realise this wasn't really a Test your Relationship scenario)]
- Wayfinder sees the greed plainly on Mongoose's face - `maybe this was a mistake, you're not the person for the job - the Clan could have been good for you`
- `I'm sorry! Please, it's a lifetime of habit I have to break. What else can I get? I'll swear on iron to get it`
- `find my family's rooms, bring back everything you can, and we can keep doing business`
- Mongoose pulls out her pendant `I swear it` and kisses it, touches it to her forehead, and puts in back under the collar of her vacsuit. `I'll be going`.
- Kicking herself, she pushes back the plastic chair, downs the rest of her soycaf, and heads back to The Ultraviolet.
- Aboard her ship, she straps into her cockpit harness, pats Astrid on the head, and takes off towards the derelict, [[Drift Runner]]
- Undertake expedition - miss with a match! Crisis + Hardship or threat?
- Let's say, Raiders from the [[Union of the Shining Raiders]] intercept Mongoose
- 'I'm here under Contract! Your man in Lastport contracted me to salvage something at grid 12f, 3ae! I'm ex-grub! I know the best stuff!" - Face Danger - deception
- Strong hit! `Oh yeah, we saw your ship in Lastport`
- Do they escort? Unlikely: No! Thank Iron
- Shaken, Mongoose goes off on her fake course away from the Raiders, no progress.
- Undertake expedition, sneaky: weak hit - two -1 suffer moves:
	- lose momentum -1
	- sacrifice resources - extra fuel on the detour
- Now clear of the Raiders, she hopes, Mongoose runs a scan of the area, and where she thinks the derelict might be. Explore a Waypoint - weak hit - see the way, but a meteor storm is running perpendicular to the course.
- `You can do this!` Mongoose says to herself, diverting power to the manoeuvring thrusters, and sealing her vacsuit, in the worst case of a hull breach as she flies towards the meteor storm Face Danger - wits -strong hit!
- Continue to the derelict - Spaceborne Opportunity - 69 -Navigational or environmental hazard is left behind - well clear of the meteors and Raiders - clear sailing!
- Getting closer now, surely. Will keep sensor suite active, look for telltale debris. 
- There it is! The [[Drift Runner]]. Scans show limited power, and, she's seen it before, but never quite get used to it, frozen corpses - a flock of them near the airlock.