---
layout: post
title:  "012. Free pudding"
date:   2021-12-12 22:28:01 +1100
categories: starforged mongoose
tags: [session]
session: 12
gamedate: F202.344
region: Outlands
sector: Dephi Void
systems: [Coxa]
---

Momentum | Health | Spirit | Supply | Astrid | Ship
:--------|--------|--------|--------|--------|-----:
5 | 5 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5

`Oracle, situation - action - theme = secure life`

- [Mongoose](/mongoose) wakes, feeling wonderful. Such a good sleep, and nothing hurts, but then a sudden shock when she remembers being knocked out in the airlock
- she sits bolt upright - in a clean khaki coverall, a new knee brace with hydraulic actuators is supporting her joint.
- The room she's in looks like a medbay, and there's some protein bars, a pudding tub and some sort of juice on one of those bed trays. She looks around. No windows, just soft warm lighting and a closed door. 
- Did fucking [Wayfinder](/npcs/wayfinder) betray her? Again?? Mongoose knows she's bad with people, but, things were, she wouldn't.
- Did this "[[Slag]]" betray them both? A flutter of hope that the betrayal was his, not Wayfinder's, and then mad at herself for fucking caring either way.
- She decides to wolf-down the pudding, and slurps down the juice. Both are pretty dang tasty! She considers pocketing the protein bars for later, but realising she's starving, eats them too. 
- She looks around the room for anything that might be a weapon, other than the plastic pudding spoon.
- `oracle - new reality`
- just some VR goggles, attached via a cable to the wall. Well, it's a dumb weapon, but swinging some VR googles around by the cable might hurt someone? Or confuse them.
- she checks the door, is it locked?
- `likely: yes`
- it is locked. Anything in the room that could be used to open a locked door?
- `check gear - temporarily at 0: miss - pay the price`
- it's hopeless, a plastic spoon and a VR headset aren't going to help. She plugs it back into the wall, and see's what's playing. The default scene appears to be a beautiful white beach, with an impossibly blue ocean, and twin suns in the sky. She takes them off again. And waits.
- `what's Wayfinder going to do? Protect Death - um, she's killed Slag? To protect Mongoose? Or tried to? Will give it a chance to fail. It's likely that she killed Slag: 94 Yes`
- When the door finally opens, Mongoose isn't ready! She scrambles/stumbles towards the door, holding the cable, which didn't come free from the wall. But it's Wayfinder standing in the doorway, wearing coveralls like hers, a new duffel slung across her back, and a large tote bag with 'Deadrock Pharmaceuticals' stencilled on it, with Mongoose's vacsuit filling it, and spilling over the side. Wayfinder's cybernetic hand is covered in blood, and there's a spatter of blood covering that side of her coverall too.
- "So, this place isn't as safe as I thought, that fucker, Slag, sold us out. We got to leave! Now!"
- "I need my gun!"
- "It's in the bag, but no one's going to stop us. There's only 3 people, excluding us, stationed on this rock. Slag's dead, and the others are out mining. But he called in Savarin for a reward, and they're on their way! Hustle!"
- `did Slag learn about the tracker and remove it from Ultraviolet? 50/50: 79: yes`
- This leg brace works great! Mongoose can run easily, they get to the airlock, and vacsuit up quickly, and Mongoose holds her gun anyway.
- Out into the bay, they see the [[Major Kasia Vayan|Vayan]] shipping container. Slag opened it. What's inside?
- `oracle: peaceful lifeform`
- A lot of crates of clothes, antique furniture, and a cryo-pod! 
- `he/him - naked, tattooed`
- "fuck" says Mongoose - "Vayan had someone in cryo with their knick-knacks? Do you recognise them?"
- `oracle: unlikely: 45 no`
- "no idea who the fuck that is"- is it Savarin clan?
- `oracle: 50/50: yes`
- "there's the [Savarin Clan](/factions/savarin_clan) tattoo - a family member maybe? Fuck it, they can stay here"
- "what about all this Vayan shit? Take it with us?"
- "if you want anything, take it, otherwise, let's destroy it and leave."
- Mongoose grabs two of the weapon filled cubes, and heads to the [[Ultraviolet]]
- Wayfinder pulls the cryo-pod out of the container, puts the cryo-pod into the airlock. She then fills the container with the other cubes of weapons and heirlooms, sets a plasma charge into the container, uses the dolly to push the container to the edge of the hangar bay mouth, and pushes the container off the side of the plateau, and then detonates the charge as it falls.
- Vayan stuff doesn't get a chance to burn due to no atmosphere, but most of it is incinerated anyway, and scattered over the floor of the valley several hundred meters below.
- Wayfinder gets onboard the Ultraviolet.
- `Face danger - edge - are they leaving quick enough? miss`
- Ultraviolet leaves the hangar, just as the warning klaxon that they've been targetted by weapons. Is it Vayan, personally?
- `oracle: 50/50: 5 no`
- "Return to the landing bay, and power-down, or you will be destroyed"
- "The warning means they still want the A.I" Wayfinder says.
- "Super. Great." says Mongoose
- `Enter the fray - caught in a trap - strong hit`
 
Momentum | Health | Spirit | Supply | Astrid | Ship
:--------|--------|--------|--------|--------|-----:
7 | 5 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5

- looking up, they see the shadow of a Savarin Frigate block the sun - larger and deadlier than the interceptor. Mongoose lets Ultraviolet freefall into the canyon between plateaus, until the weapon tracking light winks out, and they race along the ground, over the glowing wreck of the Vayan container.
- ducks and weaves through the canyon
- `gain ground - edge - weak hit`
- `Get free from the Savarin Frigate: **`
- Ultraviolet whizzes through the canyons, manoeuvring jets and thrusters making this ungainly halfbrick dance through these canyons, the Savarin Frigate, [[Fall of Icarus]], unable to get a lock.
- "You have to leave your warren some time little rabbit. We're very patient"

